Update BDK version and the sample code (#136)
bitcoindevkit/bitcoindevkit.org: docs/getting-started.md

}
```

> More information about each component used in the code can be found in [BDK Documentation](https://docs.rs/bdk/0.26.0/bdk/index.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information about each component used in the code can be found in [BDK Documentation](https://docs.rs/bdk/latest/bdk/index.html).
```

Also there are several other doc link that point to 0.15.0 (lines 47-40)

Reviewer 2: I agree best to point this link to `latest`.

Author: Done in https://github.com/bitcoindevkit/bitcoindevkit.org/pull/136/commits/844687b65a8c25d18a70a6f53e04d1ee890f479b
